I struggled to get the UserConfigExample working mostly due to my limited web programming knowledge. Through a combination of brute force, Google and probably some luck I got it to work. I made several changes to the sketch and called it myUserConfigExample (real original I know...). I thought I would add my example in the hope it might save someone else some trouble. I'm sure others could improve on my amateur coding but at least it is a working start.

I added two more links to the admin.html file and one minor change to the user.html file. I also added additional pins to be monitored in the index.html file. I added the userConfig.json and userconfig.html files. No other files were changed. The userconfig.json file provided does not have any data included for the user.html file.  The first time data is entered into this form it will be added to the end of the userconfig.json file.

In my environment I have over 20 ESP8266 nodes in service and it has become a challenge to manage the code associated with these nodes.  Many of them share the same code base with only very minor differences. I use static IP addresses for all my nodes.  The fourth octet of the IP address is the node number.  For example node 71's IP address is 192.168.1.71, etc.  I use node-red and MQTT to manage the data to and from these nodes. My MQTT topics are in the form of a prefix followed by the node number followed by a suffix, for example HW/71/command. The MQTT json payload then describes what the command is supposed to do.  

I store relavent sensor data from these nodes in a mySQL database. A unique id is associated with each data element stored in the database. Often the node number and the data id's are the only changes from node to node. The FSWebServerLib allows me to reduce the number of different sketches I have to manage by configuring data unique to a node independent of the sketch. The ability to remotely monitor the state of the various GPIO's is a real bonus. As of this writing I'm a long way from converting all my nodes to this new approach but the path is now more clear.  

I do have many Sonoff nodes (so cheap!) which unfortunately only have 1Mb of flash. The data directory needs at least 128Kb (not tested yet) which dosen't leave much room for the program and OTA programming. Some have changed the flash chip on their Sonoffs which may be beyond my soldering skills.  We'll see...

You can delete this readme file from the data directory to save space in your SPIFFS memory.